Testing one, two, gonna get these levels right here.
And then we're gonna start.
Make sure you realize, ladies and gentlemen, this is a message coming to you live from the United States of America out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The United States needs help.
We are currently being undermined from within by a Trojan horse.
There are a number of foreigners and also Americans who are aligned with foreign interests who have currently
infiltrated the American government and are posing as a MAGA movement or a MAHA movement, but it's actually, it's much worse than that.
It is a social media-based scripted bullshit takeover of American discourse by American and foreign bullshitters that are programmed to rise in prominence and
And that is done by the careful orchestration of their accounts on social media, careful orchestration of very prominent censorship and demonetization, which has now resulted in an awful lot of people that needed to see Bret Weinstein or the Rubin Report or any of these other fake newscasters, podcasts on the internet,
that are all scripted bullshit.
They are scripted bullshitters, and they aren't much different than... They're not much different than these scripted bullshitters.
It's all... Yes, that's right, Jessica.
It's all the same scripted bullshit.
And one of the people that I think has written this script or helped with fine-tuning it as it went off the rails is Kevin McKernan, formerly of the Human Genome Project.
I think it is extremely important also to see that these guys, all three of them, are scripted bullshitters that were told that they would have a good chance of being put into a position of extraordinary power
in America, and they were told that, I think, by Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone and a number of other people that are operating behind this health freedom movement that has taken any grassroots effort to try and oppose public health as a new form of totalitarianism and scripted it into a false conservative movement that these people laugh at because they are effectively now
at the top of it.
Two of the three of these guys are at the top of the FDA.
The very organization that before they were there, they kind of agreed that, you know, maybe the USA would be better without.
And so this guy was also pulling this same, we would be better off without the FDA with a scripted bullshitter by the name of Vinay, or sorry, Vinay and this is Vivek.
And this is just one big Trojan horse that's not really, I can't quite put a finger on it, but it's not Russian and it's not Chinese.
And I'm not noticing a lot of Hmong people involved in this, but there's some other pattern I just have yet to recognize.
And what I know for sure, though, the pattern that I recognized a long time ago is that there is a script of bullshit about biology.
And I think I've traced the authors of that script back to Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan, although I'm sure there are other people behind the scenes that we haven't seen yet.
Steve Bannon is one of the guys who I think is also at the head of coordinating this longtime intellectual property expert, former Goldman Sachs guy.
He pretends to be pro-China, but that doesn't really make sense in light of his staunch Catholicism.
But his pro-India thing makes a lot of sense because there is a small but not insignificant portion of Indians that are actually Catholic.
He promoted Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as vice president for a long time, considers Tony Lyons a genius, and Tony Lyons, of course, helped Jesse Ventura put out his biography, Don't Start the Revolution Without Me, in 2008, where in the epilogue, it was implied that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
running as an independent could join up with somebody like Jesse Ventura and win the White House.
Too bad Jesse Ventura would then get shot.
What an interesting anecdotal story to have as the epilogue of a book by Tony Lyons.
Yes, Sky Horse Publishing that would go on to become the publishing arm of Children's Health Defense.
Two books by Andrew Wakefield, the hero slash international agent.
You know, the same guy that gets promoted by all these people, including ICANN and Aaron Seary, a lawyer who supposedly is doing God's work after working for Goldman Sachs.
So then we have Brett Weinstein, whose father, like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's father, is intimately involved in the updating of the FDA in the 60s around the thalidomide scandal in Denmark.
I have connections to Brett Weinstein, not because I was a big fan of his, not because my former member of Drastic colleague, Uri Dagan, was on his show in 2020.
I wasn't even aware of that until long afterward.
But actually, because I was hooked up with him by somebody by the name of Piper Stover who convinced me to write a review that was never really good enough to put out.
It took us like five weeks to pass her, you know, scrutiny and get it ready to go.
And that was May.
2021, you know, right before Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch and Bret Weinstein would do their infamous podcast that would lead to the demonetization of Bret Weinstein and his near total evolutionary collapse into poverty.
So yeah, I don't know what to say other than to say that this guy is also an intellectual property expert, also was out against the FDA, also saying the FDA was in the way, also saying that these EUAs are just 10 pages of useless paperwork.
Also, really, the most extraordinary thing is that he worked on the Human Genome Project as not as a slouch, but as one of the central developers of the robotics that allowed the first fake completion to be faked.
It's not a fake completion, but what they call a completion is really just a series of restriction enzyme maps over a couple three genomes.
And let's call it a day if half of these landmarks seem to overlap.
And they did.
So then they stopped there and said, hey, congratulations, we're done.
And now they're still doing these.
you know pejorative not pejorative perfunctory uh wow that's weird how words come uh perfunctory you know oh we did another thing we hit a leather landmark we had leather everything the only thing they've really done is created infinitely cheaper ways to perform the same trick
And it's not even really that good of a trick.
And the more that I've come to understand the limitations of their tricks, it's remarkable how just no one else seems to be able to figure it out.
And I think that's all by design.
So the first and foremost, you know, person on this list, I think really is Robert Malone.
And Robert Malone ties together so many threads from, you know, Mickey Willis and Judy Mikovits and chronic fatigue syndrome.
and Robert Gallo and Murray Gardner's lab, all the way to the first year or so of the development of the Lab Leak Scooby-Doo narrative with Ryan Cole and Lee Min-Yan tour in the world.
And of course, if he was on stage with Lee Min-Yan in 2021 with
with Ryan Cole and Li Min Yan first came out as a dissident to the Communist Party with Bannon in January of 2020, just a few days before he decided to declare it was a lab leak, then that's either a striking coincidence or just a step in a narrative, a step in a performance.
I think it was just a step in a performance.
And I really, I really believe that we have been tricked into a very, very malevolent position in our, in our minds, because first and foremost, the green line here, everybody in America and around the world believes that Trump's was shot except for me.
And that's a very big problem because I don't think he was, I really think that's a mistake to assume that he was.
And I have a lot of personal reasons to believe that that's a huge mistake.
The first and foremost being that my son goes to the same high school that supposedly this Matthew Crooks went to and after 365 and many more days, we still don't know anything about this kid or who recruited him or why he was on that rooftop in the first place.
We don't know anything about the surgeon who apparently fixed Donald Trump's ear.
We don't know anything about how that photograph of the bullet was actually taken.
We don't know anything about multiple shooters and why all these people for more than three weeks after the shooting were doing podcasts about multiple shooters.
And all of those people who were doing those podcasts were the same people who were responsible for us to get us to solve this mystery lab leak.
Brett Weinstein,
Chris Martinson, this John Cullen character who used to work for Oracle, you know, the company that makes all the databases for all of the major, the major bureaucracies in government?
The one that everybody bitches about?
HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is supposed to feel like a win.
It's supposed to, you know, quell the masses.
It's supposed to make us think like, now everything's gonna be okay, and it's not.
Because this is exactly where they wanted us.
More importantly, you need to see that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is powerless.
The only thing he does when he goes on camera now is say thank you to Donald Trump and tell you how much he's grateful that God brought him Donald Trump.
And now we have an Egyptian, UK citizen,
Marty Makary at the head of the FDA.
We have another Indian kid who supposedly is a medical and scientific genius at the head of the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research pushing gene therapy.
Sell it to me, baby.
And of course, they can throw out all kinds of big terms in the FDA meeting because he was a cancer researcher for a long time.
He knows all these T cell abbreviations.
He knows all these weird chemotherapies and all these.
He's got new ways to look at trial data, like the iceberg plot and stuff like that.
I mean, this is some seriously high level bullshittery.
being pulled off by Vinay Prasad, one of the real awful examples of what's being done to America, how positions of power are being given to people who should be obvious traitors, obvious infiltrators, obvious fakes.
And instead, what's remarkable about Vinay Prasad is that America's conservative people on the internet were tricked into arguing about two white kids, you know, Casey and Callie Means, and whether they were Manchurian candidates for getting to be in the ear of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And now they're putting her at, you know, what is that position called again?
Oh yeah, that's right, Surgeon General, all kinds of power there.
Meanwhile, we have a foreigner at the head of FDA.
Foreigners.
I don't think you can underestimate how dire the situation is in America because the Trump administration itself was the Trojan horse.
Just like the Biden administration was a Trojan horse behind Joe Biden.
This is a Trojan horse behind Donald Trump.
How else do you explain his chief of staff?
How else do you explain his foreign policy?
You gotta realize what's happening in America and you gotta come to the conclusion that your media in your country is not telling you the truth.
America is being controlled, demolished from the inside, and we need help around the world for people to understand that that's what's going on.
It's not just Donald Trump.
It is a continual destruction of our country for the last 25 years and more, if you count the pre-planning.
And in the meantime, you all around the world, including, I mean, any country that experienced COVID has accepted PCR as a standard diagnostic for not just COVID, but for anything.
You've accepted sequencing as a way of high fidelity, measuring a background signal, which is really wrong.
You've also accepted intramuscular injection as proven beyond question as a methodology.
That's also wrong.
You've also accepted that obviously RNA has huge military potential.
Solving health problems in America will definitely be complicated.
I can kind of agree with that, but it's only complicated because they made it that way.
And I don't know what to tell you.
Oops, I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged, a condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged, a condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
On every slide, the first slide, I have quotes, and I know that you don't read them.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen.
a condition in condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged, but condition and condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damage.
I think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that
concerned.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read, is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, and okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles, because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no one
when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
Thank you very much for joining me, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I will see you in a couple minutes.
Thanks for joining me.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
It's definitely game time, ladies and gentlemen.
We're not messing around anymore at Giga Home Biological.
We got more to say than we got time to say it, and so we're trying to be as efficient as possible around here.
I know that you have a lot to do every day, and I know there's not enough time to do it, so I know that...
Producing two hours a day five days a week is already kind of overloading a lot of people But unfortunately, I don't think there's any other way forward.
I will try to Repeat a lot of the things that need repeating one of the ways that you can stay focused on the biology not take their bait on social media and Love your neighbors to get off social media because your neighbors aren't there That's the only non-compliance that really matters, especially as we set an example for our children
Brian, Brian, Brian, I get it, I get it.
Autism Spectrum Disorder is a myth.
It's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
Oh man, there he is again.
Yeah, and I think that really you have to see pandemics and gain of function as those same kinds of myths.
They keep things behind the curtain.
And those that are aware are part of the trap and they're happy to be part of the ruling class.
And if you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, you are already enslaved.
That's for darn sure.
Gigaohm Biological is the biology that they ignore.
If you want to send something to the house, there is an address up there.
If you want to leave a voicemail that I could play online or even answer live, you could call that number.
And yes, this is June 6, 2025, Gigaohm Biological coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
This is a message for America and the world.
I consider myself an American, and more importantly, this is an American-centered stream because my kids live in America.
That's the dirt that I live on.
Stay focused on the biology, don't take their bait, and love your neighbor.
That's the way out of the wave.
And again, I said, my name is Jay Cooey.
And you can find some stain of my academic career on the Library of Medicine's website, PubMed.
You can also see my original YouTube channel, JC on a Bike, on YouTube.
I'm trying to kind of stay away from it now because it's kind of a historical document.
One of the coolest channels, I think, out there that you can't really stream to anymore because if they crash it, they crash it.
You can also find some of my ideas represented in a substack called Woodhouse 76.
And also, you can find some of my ideas in the Wuhan cover-up book.
And yeah, I used to be BBQ Buddies with the head of NIH, so I got a lot of connections that don't do me any good, but that's alright.
Because I've got also some subscribers and some supporters that keep this thing afloat.
And I've got a lot of people sharing the work, and that's how new people find it.
So, if you can't support, please share.
And if you're not supporting but could, maybe consider it by going to GigaOMBiological.com.
And at GetGoingBiological.com, there's a lot of links.
One of the most important ones is there on the far right called Stuff.
You can also find that link, Stuff, on the bottom of the page.
As we start to upload textbook chapters and other things, they will all be there under the Stuff link.
Right now, the most important link on the Stuff link is that McKinsey report on population.
And if you sign up to be an Omi, you will just be adding yourself to a list that we're kind of using, but not really So don't don't think there's gonna be a lot of stuff coming in the mail or something like that if you sign up for that And then of course, there's Housatonicits.com Can't recommend his work enough and I certainly can't recommend enough that you start scrolling on his website
the research tab because there you can get lost in a chain of mentors that I think is responsible for the trap we're in.
And I want to advocate for more people like me and Mark.
More people like Joe Marshall of the Liberty Perspective.
People that are just one man or one woman shows.
No editors.
No social media managers.
No sponsors.
Just grassroots people sending in cash to a P.O.
box.
That's basically how this works.
Whereas the internet is actually composed of a team of performers that are all on the same script.
I'm going to start that over again.
And that same script is a fake script, but because they work together, it's very convincing.
You don't have to think of the internet and the show that they put on as just this one guy.
who's chalking his hands up and pretending to stop the train.
But you gotta think of it as hundreds of dudes, hundreds of girls, hundreds of boys, all kinds of performers, doing all kinds of different miming, memeing, miming, what do you call that when you pretend to do something?
Miming the way that they're starting that train.
And that's how they got this pandemic to happen.
And a lot of the people that I have on this screen are just on this screen because I know them.
I know them personally.
I've shaken their hand.
I've taken selfies with them.
And I know them to be liars.
So that's why they're on this screen.
The people at the top of this are people, some of whom I think are quite good, but just completely
They're completely trapped by the people underneath them.
And only a fraction of these people need to be in on a portion or the whole script.
The rest of them can just be naive and think and trust in the rest of them.
Unfortunately, each one of these people has personally not passed the smell test in one way or another after repeated attempts to interact with them.
Some of the worst people on this picture have
you know, so much irrelevance to American discourse, it's actually comical.
I mean, how much time I wasted with Jessica Hockett or with John Bodewin on the Steve Kirsch steering committee.
This guy almost ran away from me when I tried to take a picture of him.
And then when I put my arms around him, I was kind of... Anyway, these...
These people are, the ones that know are monsters and the ones that don't know are idiots.
And they're dangerous idiots.
That's the part that's most frustrating right now.
I think Thomas Binder's a good guy.
I think Sukrit Bhakti has probably been put under too much pressure that he'll do whatever he's told now, including tell everybody that
Now that RNA can't pandemic is a settled discussion, thanks to Jonathan Cooey, we should stop talking about it.
I think Mike Eden is a problem, though, and later on in the second part of the show, I'm going to briefly open an old video of his with Paul Alexander and himself on my show and see if we see something a little differently than we did a couple years ago.
I'm very excited to be here today because I think they've really screwed up.
I think that they've made some serious, serious mistakes.
And one of the biggest mistakes they made is scripting this clown right here, this guy named Kevin McCairn, worst case scenario.
He was scripted with very specific people, which is also incredibly damning for his role in this whole charade.
He's connected to George Webb and a couple of clowns like,
like really serious clowns, like Paul Cattrell, who is all but criminal evidence as long as he's alive, same as this guy is basically criminal evidence as long as he's alive.
These people have been paid for five years to lie about how people died.
And these people have been paid for years or given book contracts to lie about how people died, especially lying about how people died in America.
Because there was, by definition, less murder and more negligence in other countries.
But in America, there was a lot of murder.
And these people were scripted to make sure that we would never figure it out.
Especially this- It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
This absolute buffoon.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Who was recruited, in my humble opinion, because of me.
He claimed to have some neuroscience connections that we shared.
He worked with some guy that I was working with at the University of Pittsburgh.
And I saw your bike rides.
You should come on this stream with me and a couple other dudes.
We're really leading the way of solving the puzzle here.
And for five weeks in a row, I did that.
Wasted hours of my time getting drawn in to this idea that there is some network of people that's bucking the system, despite the best efforts of the censorship around the world, and they're getting away with telling the truth.
Some of them are in this group drastic.
Some of them are online, like this guy, apparently.
of course one of the the biggest giveaways of all this stunt was the idea that he was calling Mark Bailey's wife Sam Bailey a whore for more than a year and using a meme of her as a whore with hot dogs in her mouth to celebrate donations on his stream and then in 2022 this man with
big big morals decided to do a live stream with Kevin McCairn and debate specifically the existence of viruses whatever those are with the lack of precision and and strict use of of language that is just absolutely gross if you can find that video and watch it it's just gross
These are absolute traitors to all the children of earth.
That's how bad Mark Bailey is.
That's how bad Andrew Kaufman is.
That's how bad Tom Cowan is.
And that is certainly how bad Kevin McCarron is.
They are on par with Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone.
just joined later just played a dumber role a a role with more oh so what kind of kind of possibilities
I mean, I am mad about it, don't get me wrong.
I think anybody that experienced what I experienced with these people would be mad.
Anybody that was having memes of shotguns in their mouth on the internet, suggesting that I might kill myself this year, I would guess you'd be mad too.
Or maybe not, maybe you're cool with it.
Maybe you're cool with Steve Kirsch offering to send you to Japan to work with that asshole, but I'm not cool with it.
Maybe you're cool with this guy trying to get me to argue with Andrew Kaufman in 2024 after my red pill meeting, but I'm not cool with it.
Maybe you're okay with somebody, these people coming to your house over the course of five years from Piper Stover to Charles Rixey to Alexander, Paul Alexander to Kevin McCarran, but I'm not.
because the clip that you guys saw- This was a scripted team of bullshitters.
Because in 2021, there is a podcast where they confront each other on consecutive podcasts of this street MD jackass.
And they treat each other with a lot of respect and they walk around very carefully.
It's almost as if Andy Kaufman is on a script provided by Robert Malone.
probably was on rumble, I don't think you guys saw tell you clinically it's flu.
People making this just misdiagnosis of i it's a very different cl X ray and C. T. Patterns
The thrombotic aspect of the illness, the laboratory pattern, it's distinct from influenza.
SARS-CoV-2 is a real virus.
I don't know if you guys are familiar with Dr. Tom Cowan, Stefan Lanka, Dr. Andrew Kaufman, but these are three medical doctors that are talking about this kind of stuff.
And they argue, why can't we isolate the virus through a density gradient centrifuge versus the way they're doing it now?
Because they're putting all this other stuff in there, allowing it to decay.
And I think Stefan Lanka was able to
isolate something that looks like COVID with yeast.
Now I'm just gonna throw something out there while we're on this little thing here.
I thought this is probably a good enough place to put it in.
I'll just do it here.
Can I do this?
Did that work?
Yes, hello, hello.
I want to show you something and you know what, maybe I'm just gonna
I'm going to get rid of that screen inset.
Okay, so I'm going to go down here on the floor.
I got two books over here.
Hold on one second.
Got to release this wire.
Otherwise, I'm going to pull these things out of my ear.
Come on.
What?
What is going on there?
Okay.
So what I wanted to do is just show you a thing.
This is Fields Virology, Volume 1, and down there by the basketball, trying to do my best impression of the weatherman, that's Volume 2 right there, see?
And then I also have Fields Volume 4, other editions of the same thing, so I can check how things have progressed and how they've represented things.
Now,
You might be aware that I've been working on my understanding of bacteriophages.
I got here, for example, sitting on an unopened copy of Nature.
This is from 19th of May, 2016, and it is the Anatomy of the Bacteriophage T4 Genome Injecting Machine.
Very exciting episode.
And I, of course, have been working on a number of homework books.
This one is one of my recent favorite homework books.
It's called Genetic Recombination, Thinking About It in Phage and Fungi.
This one's got some really interesting stuff in it.
And I've also got like other books.
One that just arrived recently is actually not about the T4 bacteriophage, but it's about the Lambda bacteriophage.
It's so cool because it's like the bacteriophage Lambda and it's this whole thick book.
And this book was written
edited by A.D.
Hershey, the genetics research unit at the Carnegie Institution, Cold Spring Harbor, New York, in 1971, one year before I was born.
So that's pretty exciting.
This is a book about a single kind of bacteriophage called Lambda.
You got that?
Look at how big the book is.
See the book?
See how big it is?
Big book, all about one bacteriophage.
One type of bacteriophage.
So, if I look at Fields Virology, Volume 1, and I look in the index for lambda phages, oh boy, let's see.
What chapter is that going to be?
Where would they put that chapter, I wonder?
Hmm.
M. Lambda is an A. Lambs.
Lambs.
Oh, lambs.
Lambda.
What?
There it is, ha almost missed it there.
This is uh, let's go over here.
Does that work?
What?
Oh, yeah over here.
I See it right here.
You go down Lambo aid phages 679 to 679 to 680.
Okay.
So just remember the point I'm trying to make here is
The point I'm trying to make here is there's a book from 1971 called, it just got the lambda on the front, and it's called Bacteriophage Lambda, and the book is of significant report.
It is more than 700 pages long.
770 pages where the reference start there.
Like, look what I'm talking about.
There's a lot of stuff.
A lot of research was done, and apparently all this research that's in this book can now be summarized in between 679 and 680.
Oh, wow.
That's interesting.
679, here's natural recombination.
Lamdoid phages are a good example.
Here we go.
Oh, there's the end of the chapter already.
Holy shit, what?
So it looks like, to me, it's like three columns in a textbook now.
What was a 700-page book in 1971 has become a, I mean, look, right?
It's less than a full page in this book, but it used to be this book, where I'm looking at the wrong camera.
Can you think about that for a second?
What's happening there?
Because there's a whole other volume of this.
It doesn't have anything on it.
But in 1971, there was a book this big.
And that's just one bacteriophage.
Nature has the sequence of another bacteriophage, the T4 bacteriophage, on the front of cover when they finally sequenced it.
Isn't that weird?
How there's just so much information, but we don't need it.
Who cares?
All these people were interested in bacteriophages for so long and then suddenly it's like, you know what?
Screw it.
Let's write a great big book.
There's not even a fricking chapter about them.
Fields virology.
Okay, so we were talking about virology ineptly with a couple people that were ineptly discussing virology.
on the same script.
So that's what I'm accusing these people of doing.
They are on a script provided by Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone, and they are ineptly arguing about the antiquated or uncontrolled or misinterpreted ways that viruses can or can't be isolated without even coming anywhere near the range of saying that RNA can't do that.
Not anywhere near the range of saying, because there are no viruses, that means vaccines are murder.
Not getting anywhere near saying that if there are no viruses, that means that everything in COVID is murder.
But instead staying very focused on not being, you know, I respect my colleagues, but, you know, I beg to disagree.
They're just not doing it.
It is an absolute malevolent shitshow that you see happening here.
And I can't stress enough how malevolent it is.
So I'm gonna let it go now.
So that's a big thing that people have been talking about.
If they're producing something that has virus-like characteristics from yeast, it's likely to be a budded form or an exosome.
In terms of density gradient, you need a lot of virus to pull a density gradient.
And the way that's typically done is you culture.
You need a lot of virus.
You only need trace amounts of virus to sequence.
We have nanopore sequencing now where we don't even have to amplify.
We can just throw everything through the nanopore.
So if you have even a fraction of a tiny bit of a signal there, you don't need to be able to see it show up.
You just need to be able to separate that fraction out of the Sucrose gradient and then sequence whatever is found in there.
This is complete bullshit with Ryan Cole and Peter McCullough on board with Robert Malone
in the same year that they were also touring around in churches with Lee Min Yan and some Karmadoc lady in the audience asking questions about self-amplifying RNA like two and a half years early.
for a long period of time, often in roller bottles, collect very small volumes of fluid.
You may pass it through a filtration system to further concentrate the virus and then put it on your gradient, whether it's a step gradient or a continuous gradient, and pull the band.
That requires a heck of a lot.
Why is Ryan Cole nodding?
He doesn't know how to isolate viruses.
He doesn't have a centrifuge in his diagnostic laboratory for skin cancer.
What is he nodding like that for?
Maybe he's been coached to nod up and down because why?
Because it's part of the neurolinguistic programming of having three on one.
It creates an illusion of consensus.
A lot of virus.
That is absolutely not how you isolate a primary variance.
You know, the blog that, uh, the sub stack that Jay Bhattacharya started with a Canadian kid called illusion of consensus.
Yeah.
That that's the term I'm talking about.
Yes.
He stole that from me.
They all did.
It's not that I made up the term is the one who's using it, the one who is using it the best to describe them and what they are doing, what they are engaged in.
And also very, very succinctly describing that in this scenario, it wouldn't necessarily have to be that Ryan Cole is in on it if Peter and Robert are in on it.
just the same way it doesn't have to be that Peter knows that maybe Ryan and Robert Malone have already been on a boat together for a week a couple times planning this all out and rehearsing it so that they can fool Peter.
Now I'm not going to sit here and tell you that any of these guys are good guys but I'm going to tell you that you have to assume they're all bad guys until they start waking up.
just like I woke up and apologized for having failed to see that it was an op in 2021, and that I was being played by Piper Stover, that I was being played by Brett Weinstein, and therefore did not save my friends and family from this PSYOP, but actually kicked them into it.
And every one of these people should have already gotten there by now, holy shit.
sample.
The reason why you have to do it in the presence of the drugs is because you have the problem of contamination with mycoplasma, bacteria, et cetera, from primary clinical samples.
And so that is the primary reason why, of course, on top of the fact that there would be bacteriophages in any sample you took in a clinic.
An irreducibly complex background of genetic signals is present in every clinical sample, and these horrible PCR tests were never designed to amplify a signal on that background.
They were designed to amplify a signal present in distilled water.
That's it.
And they were designed to be a high fidelity instrument in the presence of distilled water controls or genetic controls that were also pure in distilled water, not clinical samples.
I cannot stress enough to you how the PCR test being ignored by both Robert Malone and Peter McCullough and Ryan Cole and also Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman and Mark Bailey is part of the show because instead of demolishing the detection of the COVID, they are demolishing the isolation, purification and culturing of it.
See that for what it is.
That is the trap.
Because it sounds like they're dunking on those guys.
Wow, that's amazing.
But they're all just ignoring the fact that none of that matters when they're using PCR en masse to describe it.
They seem to be woefully unaware that the illusion is not being sustained by isolating the virus.
The illusion is not being sustained.
by sequencing a pure form of a virus from a sucrose gradient from every patient.
The illusion was being sustained by PCR as a useful diagnostic, and it still is.
You have to impose stringent criteria that will keep those things from overgrowing the cell layer while you're trying to grow out the virus and passage it.
I don't wish to cast shade on my fellow colleagues.
I don't know what their background is.
But these are classic virology isolation methods and techniques.
There's nothing idiosyncratic here.
I don't want to cast shade on my colleagues.
I don't know.
Their background is a lie.
He scripted them.
That's why you say that.
to isolate a virus by density gradient.
You're basically, you would require somebody to be incredibly virulent, just shedding very, very large amounts of virus.
Why does Ryan Cole think that's funny?
You would have to be, have somebody who's incredibly virulent, shedding a lot of virus.
Is that funny?
Incredibly virulent, that's really funny.
at the start of the pandemic, you know, when everybody's being murdered in hospitals.
That's pretty funny when he's already done 150,000 COVID tests.
How much money a test there, Ryan?
Hmm.
And you would have to have a body fluid that has that large amount of virus.
And even then, I don't think it'd be possible.
And it's a bunch of liberal women, some of whom are supported by the wellness company.
Who works for the wellness company?
The wellness company is very bad was something that I was told at the CHD inaugural conference by Matt Crawford and by, by, by Ryan Cole and Robert Malone.
Don't underestimate how bad we got them.
Don't underestimate how overextended they are.
It could even be that they are woefully unaware themselves at how much we have them.
How exposed they are.
How pathetic they look at this point.
But see it for what it is.
These are all spectacular failures.
It's one...
failed operation that moment.
Dr. Kaufman, how would you have responded to what Dr. Malone said at that point?
Well, let me start off by saying that, you know, creating the appearance of a scary, deadly virus is a major tool in the toolbook of the, you know, globalist empire, like the people behind the World Economic Forum and
agenda 2030 and other things like that.
I see.
So, so would they, would they, would they orchestrate something or would they just lie about it?
You see, that's the part about this that is extraordinary because he wants you to believe that a multi-billion dollar multinational movement to try and enslave the planet is just going to make up shit.
that they're not gonna kill anybody, that they wouldn't use an existing anticipated rise in all-cause mortality for something a little more useful, that they wouldn't take advantage of that and tell us a story, but it's just that these people are killing us.
You see how it is?
It's really the same basic narrative that Sasha Latupova would tell you.
You don't stand a chance if your military and the militaries around the world are poisoning people to kill them.
Then you don't stand a chance.
That's what she wants.
That's what they all want.
They want you to think that the only thing you can do is go to Stella Emanuel's website and buy her bottle of anti-spike protein therapies.
They want you to go to his website and buy his colloidal silver, or pay $1,500 for a consultation.
They want there to be an alternative health network that is a free-for-all on American society, that undermines our faith in our government and our society as a whole, and distrust in our neighbor.
Otherwise he would be very, very honest about what he knows about Robert Malone and how obvious it is that Robert Malone can't be a dissident and why it's a joke that the guy who is connected to Murray Gardner and thought that we should, we would probably have geneticists in a hospital, in every hospital curing childhood diseases with retroviruses in 10 years after his postdoc.
But instead he's gonna treat him with respect and stick to the narrative that Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan gave him.
about culturing a virus or isolating a virus or controls for isolating a virus, instead of going to the literature and reading papers and finding out that virology as it stands right now is transfection and transformation in cell culture, full stop.
They never do culture these viruses.
So if they know that, then why don't they take the logical step of teaching people that how do they get around that problem?
They get around that problem using standard manufacturing techniques for recombinant DNA and RNA, and then they transfect cell cultures in animals and call that virology.
And in five years of fighting this narrative, this traitor has never made any progress from the bullshit that you are gonna hear right here.
which is from 2021.
So they wanna make sure that even the people who maybe think it was been exaggerated or that they're concerned with health freedom, that they never spread this truth that- Concerned with health freedom?
What about concerned about the vaccine schedule being criminal?
I thought there were a couple organizations before the pandemic that thought that the vaccine schedule was criminal.
I guess not.
I guess they're, they're interested in health freedom.
According to the scripted trader, Andy Kaufman, the guy who was applying for grants to build biometric devices, to monitor prison populations in New York state before the pandemic.
And I have photos to prove it.
there are no disease-causing viruses, because then they won't be able to run this program again with the next scary, you know, pandemic.
So he has no clue, then, that if there are no infectious viruses, then the 72 shots on the American schedule for kids is a war crime.
It is a humanitarian crisis.
but as a doctor and an outspoken critic of psychiatry, apparently he's not smart enough to get there because he's so fricking focused on culturing and isolation and promoting the foyers of Christine Massey.
They're never going to get there to say that if there are no infectious viruses, then what the who can't pull their show anymore?
No, if there are no infectious viruses, then we have been injecting children in America in a way that's not done in any other country in the world for decades.
And it's all false.
And this guy doesn't give a shit.
Situation.
But also like it's important, so none of these responses really, either they responded with something that was just simply not true, like that the virus has been purified, that Dr. Malone said, that's simply not true.
Or they divert away from the actual subject and part of that is because you you didn't really ask Well a constructed question if you believed what you say you believed you would be angry upset and energized Not calm cool and retarded This man is so fake and
He's like an android and the reason why is because he's reading a script.
Because he is a trained psychiatrist and he thinks he's clever enough to do it in a way which will be more effective.
That's how diluted he is.
He is an agent on a script with coaching and he's trying to follow the coaching as you see it right now.
Like you didn't really know what dr. Lanka did in his experiment.
So you described something that they didn't understand correctly like what he did is he ran the virus isolation experiment without a virus and Produced cytopathic effects, which is the proof of the virus's presence in the body fluid so how can you get the same result if there's no virus if the virus is the cause of the result that the result is the proof of a virus and
So the question that's obvious here then is how is it that we have a field called virology with multiple volume books about virology if there are no viruses?
And the answer to that question is virology is transfection and transformation in cell culture and in animals.
And this scripted liar will never tell you that because he is on the same script as Robert Malone.
So, you know, the question would be, hey, by those standard isolation procedures that you described, can you- That originated in the early 1900s for the discovery of bacteriophages.
I shit you not.
Plaque assays are for bacteriophages, my friend.
Explain how that proves there's a virus in the person.
Or can you address why they don't do control experiments?
Isn't a control experiment a necessary part of a scientific experiment?
But then he just, the answers kind of led.
So first of all, the leading answer was.
Are we really to believe that he doesn't understand that they produce the synthetic DNA sequence that they call the virus in a pure form and then apply it to a cell culture and start there?
Is he going to actually pretend that he's unaware that any viral sample that has been supplied by
by Ralph Baric to somebody else is a pure recombinant clone of a sequence that they cannot, cannot, cannot, cannot isolate in whole in the wild to this day.
Are we really gonna believe that he doesn't know that so he can't explain it, but he's stuck in this little tiny hamster wheel of limited understanding and it's just not his fault?
He can't read those papers.
He can't get that far.
His degree doesn't cover that.
Of course, it's well established.
Yes, I believe there are viruses.
I believe this virus is real.
Now, that doesn't mean anything scientifically, right, because we can point to people who think they're real and people who don't think they're real.
It's meaningless.
It's giving away your opinion to someone else or just saying, this is my opinion.
I just stated outright, but I have nothing to back it up.
Now with Dr. McCullough, he gave clinical evidence.
So he said he thinks people have a different pattern of disease with the flu this year compared to other years.
So this doctor is not able to get to the point where he's like, if people thought that and they acted stupidly because the CDC said, if you can't ventilate people to stop spread, at least if their pulse ox is low, give them supplementary oxygen and that that
In the literature of medicine for the last 20 years, including critical care medicine, you know, where people like Pierre Cory worked, that giving people supplementary oxygen, high flow supplementary pure oxygen leads to ARDS.
There are monkey studies.
Maybe this psychiatrist isn't sophisticated enough to know that murder in hospitals could be that simple because once you have the acceptance of a viral syndrome for which antibiotics would be inappropriate,
and you tell everybody that what they're seeing is a viral syndrome, he couldn't figure out that that might result in a lot of murder or negligent murder or manslaughter, but instead is still very carefully, soothingly speaking this stuff about culturing and control experiments.
And I really think that my colleague is just not being honest.
Respiratory acute syndrome.
But he didn't, that doesn't mean anything.
It doesn't tell you what causing it.
So let's say he did notice something different clinically.
How do you know that's not a different flu virus if you believe in flu viruses?
How do you know it's not a different toxin?
Maybe a new food trend, maybe a new plastic used in consumer goods.
There's no way to know what causes it by observing what you see clinically.
So that's not an argument that you can speak to this issue.
Now, what Dr. Malone said there at the end about there's not enough material.
So he knows who Dr. Malone is.
What Dr. Malone said, I don't know if I would remember his name if it wasn't still on the screen and I'd never seen him before.
But he's got notes.
What Dr. Malone said about
It's a script, guys.
It's a script, and we fell for it.
America fell for this, and effectively this was a giant Trojan horse.
We all got sucked into this argument, and only the people who had bad questions were in this argument or found these people.
And then we all got behind this weird movement in America called
the hell freedom movement and got convinced that it ended up part of the MAGA movement and this is all just an elaborate orchestration a herding of cats and we fell for it because social media is a military control software suite and you cannot use it skillfully and escape if you skillfully use social media you will be enslaved by it because you're allowing a
an unknown source to put thoughts in your head.
And I guarantee you, they're not doing it to save your kids.
They're doing it to enslave your kids.
Viral shedding.
Well, that just kind of doesn't make sense.
Well, I'm running a transparent, open
honest.
I want to pick up where I left off with these guys, because it's all one malevolent show.
And I want to just illustrate.
So what we didn't hear was the stuff right after they're all lying to me.
And I kicked a Zack off the thing.
Now listen to what he says right after the you know, they're all lying to me.
And they all had NIH grants.
And they were all lying to me about the NIH grants mission.
Then, what was interesting, Bobby is that, of course, the other
10 to 15 members, went after me.
What's the matter with you, Sachs, you anti-science, reckless, buying into the right wing conspiracy theory and everything you could imagine.
And one of them was a friend of mine for, as I said, for probably about 25 years, who ripped into me personally, like I,
don't usually experience but saying how he was who he was
It's because of the personal thing.
Let me just mention the bottom line, though, which was hilarious to me, although a little sad, which was, as he was absolutely furious with my anti-science, out comes one of the FOIA documents, which is one of Daschig's NIH grants.
And who's a co-investigator?
This guy, which I had asked him, I asked all of them, tell me, do you have any relationship?
Not a word.
So the guy's co-investigator.
Of course, it turned out several of them were co-investigators.
That's when I said, okay, this whole task force is being
Closed.
We're not using this task force.
We're going to find other ways to get to the facts on this.
Oh, well, I can tell you other scientists then said, what are you doing sacks so reckless so anti science after all of these people have lied.
and had prevaricated and had disguised their conflicts of interest and so on.
And then the next ones start to attack.
And then it turns out, OK, they're in it too.
And it's really quite a web, actually.
So that's one side of it.
I'd say there are three sides of this story that are absolutely fascinating.
One is this kind of
That's script reading right there.
I turned down my volume so I could drink.
He's looking down right now, but he's reading.
He's trying to get himself back on his note list.
Web of connection, conflict, pretty much all of them around NIH grants, around Tony Fauci and his group that he has supported.
really, really unpleasant part of this.
The second thing that we learn
is from the FOIA releases themselves that, and you know it, but it's amazing to see, actually.
I find it pretty low life.
I don't expect more of government in general, but when it is in the scientific side, I kind of still hoped that there was more integrity there.
But from the first day that we know of NIH
taking its hand on the public response, which I put it February 1, 2020.
It may predate that, but February 1, 2020 is a now notorious secret phone call that Francis.
But that was already when Steve Bannon had said it was a lab leak.
Steve Bannon was already on stage with Li Min Yan.
That was already when Robert Malone had spun his team up and already used three weeks to scan all known pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals in the FDA catalog with the domain AI server thing and used x-ray crystallography models that he generated of the viral proteins that he was interested in to identify silicoxib and famotidine and ivermectin and remdesivir.
Just put that into perspective about what this guy's claiming to be.
I'm telling you though, whoa, whoa, look at these guys.
They were doing emails and stuff.
As Collins and Tony Fauci organized with Jeremy Farrar of Welcome Trust and a group of virologists,
And the same day Francis Plummer was killed in Kenya.
That's awesome.
That is an AIDS researcher from Canada who was the supervisor of the Chinese spy who was stealing stuff from Canada and Ebola and stuff.
That group.
And she actually had a three antibody cocktail that was really good at something that they didn't like it to be good at.
And so, and it was also being tested somewhere.
I think she was on the cover of Time and stuff.
You have to ask Mark about that.
I can't keep these people straight.
All of them said on February 1, that looks a lot like a lab creation, not just a lab release, a lab creation.
And it's interesting and important for people to understand why.
And so I'll digress for one moment.
It's interesting for people to understand why they thought it was a lab leak.
This is the Scooby-Doo.
This is the mystery solving exercise that we're all supposed to go along with our friend and our friend, right?
That's the idea here.
This is in 2022, ladies and gentlemen.
2022, scripted bullshit from a UN Vatican speaker, a Kennedy kid,
COVID-19 is like SARS-1, but it's got one little bit of its genome that makes it really infective and very dangerous.
And that is what's called the furin cleavage site or the proteolytic cleavage site.
And four amino acids in this.
Four amino acids are the cliff face width between normal everyday operations on earth and a ongoing RNA pandemic.
That's how narrow the cliff edge is.
Four bases.
Stop lying!
My gosh, what a joke.
It's long or 12 nucleotides in this 30,000 nucleotide virus.
There you go.
It is four amino acids, 12 nucleotides, 20 nucleotides.
Give me a break.
make it far more dangerous than SARS-CoV-1.
And I mean, it's three bases per nuclear or per amino acid.
So do your math.
If it's four amino acids, it's how many?
Like, come on, this is so stupid.
What happened at the beginning when this virus was sequenced.
And why is it stupid from a biological perspective?
Just think about it rationally for a second.
If the cliff face that mankind is on is four amino acids wide,
then once the humanity fell off the cliff, then why weren't all the virologists on earth and all the sequencers on earth and all of the DITRA people and everybody that's working on sequences like Kevin McKernan focused in on the four amino acids that made it the most contagious virus on earth and inspired a
a would-be shoe salesman to drop everything and lose his house and make an excel sheet to try and save the world.
To go on and drop everything and risk everything because of a furin cleavage site.
And why haven't we paid attention to its evolution and potential loss?
Why aren't we focused exclusively on those four amino acids in every sequence we ever talk about, even when we announce that there's a new COVID variant on PBS NewsHour last week?
There's no mention of these four critical amino acids that really kicked it all off and fucked us all in the ass.
Do you see how awful this lie is?
I'm so sorry that I swore there, I really am, but this is really aggravating to me.
Because this whole biological myth, in everybody's mind that's performing for us, supposedly revolves around four amino acids.
And that is absurd.
Sequenced, and people looked at it.
They said, oh, this thing has a furin cleavage site.
And they said, whoa.
Where did that come from?
And one of the immediate hypotheses is, well, someone stuck it in there because the Furin-Cleavitt site is an intense object of scientific research interest because it was known.
actually since SARS-1, that if you take a SARS-like virus and you stick in a furan cleavage site at what's called the S1-S2 junction, boy, you make that virus potentially a lot more lethal, a lot more pathogenic, a lot more transmissible.
So it was an object of scientific interest that went back to SARS.
The only cleavage site you need to understand is the 90 billboards that Polly Tommy was on in the early 2000s in her bra.
That's the only cleavage sites you need to understand.
The original outbreak, and it was a real intensive object of interest of
the NIH-funded group from 2015 onward.
So the point is, on February 1, 2020, if you had an activist, a young American recovering addict, son of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and you were trying to use him for something,
And he didn't want to be used for it.
Or he already had figured out that he was going to be an environmentalist and a falconer, and that was just what he was going to do as a lawyer.
And you wanted to convince him, no, we need you to do something a little more for your country.
We need you to help us with this anti-vax movement.
the only way you'd be able to convince somebody that was kind of a real guy might be to kill his wife and bring a couple people over from the UK who had already practiced this bullshit and then bring someone from, I don't know, maybe from Columbia University and I don't know, maybe somebody from a government laboratory who claims to have an autistic kid and I don't know, maybe put them all together in a room with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and explain to him that
You know, we need to build a big top tent of health freedom because it's some component or another of some of these vaccines I think are dangerous.
And so it's a really hard mystery, but we need you to get on board.
I'm not absolving him of blame.
I'm trying to accentuate and make you think of the possibility that he's not smart enough to know he's been played because they've been playing him for years.
And so when they roll Robert Malone in and Meryl Nass in and Mary Holland in and Brian Hooker in and Polly Tommy in and Andrew Wakefield in over years and years and years, and even keep him isolated so that he doesn't really know who Brandy Vaughn is, doesn't really listen to her a lot.
You know, get, get James Lyons Weiler in there around him and stuff.
He's been played.
He's been used and now he will be thrown away.
And people who used him are from world banks, they are from international interests, they are from weaponized piles of money, and that includes people like Roger Ailes, it includes people like Jeffrey Sachs, it includes people like, I mean, any of these people have played him and used him over many years, I am certain of it.
The virologist looked at this and said, whoa, whoa, furin cleavage site.
That's the only FCS, the only furin cleavage site in a sarbucovirus that is a SARS-like virus that we know of.
And boy, that really suggests maybe someone stuck that in there.
Now, as you know,
Now remember, one of the most damning events to occur in the last five years was an event that occurred at the end of 2024, I believe.
Sorry, the end of 2023, I believe.
No, it was the end of 2022, wasn't it?
23, let's see.
It is the November 2023, yes, it was November 2023, that the International COVID Summit found itself in Romania.
And in that group photograph of a bunch of COVID dissidents, apparently, all of whom share the idea that X is the best social media platform ever, were present on stage in Bucharest, Romania.
And that included a traitor and very bad liar, Nick Hudson.
It included a long time meddler and traitor, I consider very bad, Brett Weinstein.
Another puppet of this NATO organized or loosely organized NATO operation, whatever it is, Jessica Rose, Meryl Nass, Ryan Cole, and Denny Rancourt.
And Steven Hatfill.
Yes, Steven Hatfill.
What's happening?
Ah, darn it, I did that wrong again.
Always the same nonsense.
Today, I'm here with Dr. Stephen Hatfield.
He is a virologist, an author, and a bioweapons expert.
You probably know his name because in the early 2000s, he was wrongfully accused of the anthrax attacks and won a sizable... And the way that he was exonerated was that a former colleague of Robert Malone accused a Christian guy, and that Christian guy committed suicide.
Stop lying!
settlement against the government for that wrongful accusation.
Now, he also was known as an early treatment proponent in the first Trump administration where he was- He was also an early proponent of wearing a rubber apron if you have to treat sick kids and making sure that sick kids had a separate shitter.
And you better wear flip-flops when you go in their room.
Yes, he thought Barney should wear a mask so that little kids would get used to it.
This treacherous monster is now advising Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I'm sure that's fine.
As a senior medical advisor.
And he was a very controversial figure.
And depending on what side of the early treatment fence you are on, you will think of him as a hero.
You might think of him as somebody who pushed drugs that you don't think worked.
So how come nobody says that Zev Zelenko pushed hydroxychloroquine?
And why doesn't she say hydroxychloroquine out loud if that's what he pushed?
Isn't that weird?
It's like Zev Zelenko never existed.
Even the wellness company seems to very rarely mention Zev.
And he's here to clarify that.
We have a long conversation about that episode today.
And now he is working again in the second Trump administration.
He is a senior medical officer and advisor under RFK Jr.
at Health and Human Services.
And he's focused on pandemic preparedness.
And that's another topic we cover.
So just when you think you know everything and all the behind the scenes,
You know, you have a conversation like this and you go, oh my God, there is so much we still don't know.
Dr. Hatfield clarifies a lot of questions that you had.
I took a lot of your questions that you sent to me on social media and I was able to ask him directly.
And I can't tell you what a fascinating, but also shocking and upsetting conversation this was for me.
in many ways.
I just continue to learn about the horrors of the last five years, from the virus to the pandemic preparedness plans that we completely ignored, to the early treatment debacle, to harms of the mRNA vaccines, all kinds of things that I think are really important for all of us to know now and continue to learn about.
So thanks for joining us, and I think you are going to really enjoy this conversation.
Okay, so I'm going to tell you a little story here before I let it play because I want you to think, hear how I'm thinking, coach you through this a little bit.
And I'm just going to draw some shit here and see what comes out.
I really, really need some help getting this idea out a little bit more, and so I'm just going to work on it live.
Do you like my phages?
They're cool, right?
Those are T4 phages, so I don't know what lambda phages look like.
So what I want to suggest to you is that if the Human Genome Project, because that's where we are, right?
If you think of the Human Genome Project as something that is a long-term plan, it's not a, you know, it wasn't done in 2000, they just figured out what they needed to do.
And so then there were a number of things, classified things that would need to be established over the coming decades in order for the Human Genome Project to actually begin in earnest.
And so what the human genome really accomplished was estimating the task.
They estimated the size of the genome.
They estimated, you know, how many landmarks are there?
How can we, how, how reproducible are the landmarks over a few genomes?
And then they tried to zero in on a few things that would allow them to seem like they were making progress.
And one of those things that, that Mark honed in on yesterday is rare diseases.
and specifically what rare diseases are and I don't know if if I listened to Mark yesterday and I felt like there was just stuff that from a perspective of a
of a academic wannabe professor, he wasn't one of those.
So he's kind of unaware of how this rare disease thing fits into the model of grant writing.
And I, as a neuroscientist and a former neurobiologist, really, I am keenly aware of what a rare disease is, because in neurobiology,
We are very, very interested in rare diseases.
And what are rare diseases?
Rare diseases in this context, although they were very not good at saying this in the genetic therapy, you know, FDA session, rare diseases are single protein phenotypes.
So what does that mean?
It means that they are diseases that are defined by a single protein which is malfunctioning, not present, or, you know, wrong.
So if you have an enzyme that doesn't work, then there's a set of things that happens to you during development, and that phenotype is, as best as we can tell, associated with a single protein and its aberrant formation, function, sequence, whatever.
And so if you imagine the irreducible complexity of your biology as having some anecdotal examples of when the development of a child can proceed all through puberty and everything, but you'll just have some quirks, you'll have some deficits, you'll have some weaknesses, then imagine that these are, from a scientific perspective,
some of the few legitimate handholds that we might have in trying to understand the role of these particular proteins or how a particular protein could lead to this bouquet of consequences as the trajectory across time unfolds for this pattern integrity.
And so rare diseases are, intellectually speaking, the only place to start.
They are the only fruit we can reach.
And if we solve these problems by adequately correcting the misfolded protein, we will still understand very little about how that person's pattern integrity was lucky enough to have a very detrimental but non-lethal
genetic error.
And those non-lethal genetic errors are what allow them to, again, point to the wall and say, see, DNA equals evolution.
Mutations equal phenotypes.
And so they think that rare diseases are just the starting point for eventually decoding everything, picking it all apart.
But the problem is, is that when you go from single rare diseases
to regular diseases or regular whatever, there's no single gene anymore.
Like if we go schizophrenia.
Now there's no single gene anymore.
Now there's hundreds of genes that could potentially be, I guess, different in people that have schizophrenia.
And there's all kinds of environmental triggers and things like that.
And you can smoke cigarettes and make the symptoms of schizophrenia go down.
But that's all we really know.
And so these very tiny handholds, they're valid.
They're nice experiments.
They're interesting experiments.
But what happens, and this is the key, I want you to look up something called Angelman syndrome.
That's your homework.
Angelman's syndrome is a single protein phenotype in children.
It's a devastating condition in children.
And when you write a grant about Angelman's syndrome, you will say that Angelman's has some phenotypes, or you might even use symptoms, in common with what?
A-S-D.
So any rare disease in neurobiology that has some phenotype in the brain could be disingenuously said in an introduction to a grant or an article to have phenotypes and symptoms in common with autism spectrum disorder.
Therefore, my work on this knockout mouse is related to our understanding of autism spectrum disorder.
And all the people that you saw in that FDA program that Mark did yesterday were people who have been raised and become successful in a career where their understanding of how to use rare disease as a first handhold into climbing into an irreducible complexity.
And as long as I'm doing this, it feels good.
As long as I can say that Angelman syndrome is kind of like autism, I'm really contributing to all these kids and I get to have parties about doing it for the kids.
I get to work at a children's hospital because I'm doing it for the kids.
It's all a disingenuous dance.
And many of these academic biologists, these academy magicians are too unsophisticated in their understanding of biology to know the level of farce, a level of farce that their investigation actually is.
Nevermind that it's mostly in mice, right?
So this is where we are.
And so what was I going to say about that?
Why did I want to... Anyway.
Let me go back to that picture again to see if I can remember why I did that.
Oh yeah, so it's the Human Genome Project and the whole concept of the Human Genome Project and wanting to convert to transfection.
Now it can be
Sorry, I did that wrong.
It can be transfection of RNA, as we are now, or DNA.
It doesn't matter which one.
I'm going to get messier and messier now for some reason.
If you wanted to switch from the traditional intramuscular injection of a combination of substances nonsense to a transfection, the way that you would need to do it is to transfect people with something that worked.
trick people into accepting transfection to something that worked.
How would it work?
In terms of the NIH and NIAID and DOD and DARPA and DITRA, it works by producing seroprevalence.
And you can't get around that.
That seroprevalence is the signal that they have to meet.
It is the bar they have to meet.
I apologize if that's, that's wrong.
seroprevalence, the presence of antibodies.
And so if you were going to make a transfection that produced antibodies, what you would need is a very reliable and universal antigen.
And there is a company called EpiVax.
for whom Robert Malone worked and advised that was looking specifically for antigens and antigenic sequences, short antigenic sequences that could be put into vaccines and other products to provoke an immune response.
So they were looking at these special sequences that are presented on
on MHC molecules during presentation and in the immune response and looking for antigenic sequences that were especially good at provoking that seroprevalence.
And so if you were going to fool somebody with a transfection, what you would do is you would say, hey, let's put an agent in China
and let's have her find a sequence and let's have that sequence have a very reliable, highly antigenic
code in it, designed by DARPA, so that when we roll out the transfection as a response to the pandemic, we will be rolling out a protein that we know, when we express it, we will get a very reliable immune response, even after several exposures to it.
Therefore, we can drive the booster rollout as well.
It's a very, very simple combination of technologies that exist with a mythology using people and actors that were already put in place just in a way that Tucker Carlson apparently has never imagined.
And so let's see if what I'm talking about here, the idea of releasing a sequence that actually had built into it a guaranteed serial prevalence generator,
Hmm.
Wonder if that's going to be part of this story.
Dr. Hadfield, thank you so much for doing this today with me and answering all these amazing questions that I got for you from all kinds of folks around the topic of COVID and biowarfare, which you are an expert on and pandemic preparedness.
Always a pleasure to talk to you.
We always have fun on these.
Okay.
So I'm just going to fire away and I'm excited to hear your answers to these questions.
What makes it clear to you as a virologist that COVID was bioengineered?
There's a couple of genetic sequences in this virus that we can't establish an evolutionary line from.
Seems to be a mix of a couple of different COVID viruses.
It's nice editing there.
What finally sold me was in the Wuhan strain, the sequence that the US was given,
there's a 20 amino acid stretch up near the sort of the cauliflower part of the protein.
That if you three-dimensionally model it, it is a super antigen, which is a bad thing to be.
And it's a super antigen that's derived from a bacterium called staphylococcal enteropoxen B. And what this does is that if you get it into your bloodstream,
It turns on about 30% of your lymphocytes all at once.
This is what we call the cytokine storm.
If you grew the Wuhan virus... Look at it.
He can't even do it without reading.
He's such a putz.
this traitor monster fake man wow virus on human epithelial cells that segment human epithelial cells the specialty of ralph barrack you know that really bad guy who's responsible for the virus that fat dude who makes donuts stayed in there but if you grew it on alternate tissue culture methods
Oh my gosh, it's enrichment through frickin' cell culture, just like frickin' Andrew Huff said with Charles Rixey and Kim Dotcom on X in 2022.
Do you see it?
The same absolute nonsense bullshit biology narrative, just no sophistication at all, no attempt to, I mean, wow.
Check that thing out.
And this is always sort of an indication that's been crammed in there and it's not natural.
And then there was a thing called a furin cleavage site that had been engineered in there.
He's still got to look.
He's still got to read Martin Malone's script.
He's so dumb.
So the spike protein is like a closed umbrella.
and it's manufactured, but it's got to get through all that cytoplasm in the cell membrane and poke out through the cell membrane, and then the umbrella opens up, right?
And the furin cleaving side is what holds that umbrella together.
And we've seen it in some other coronaviruses, but they're not a direct lineage to the SARS-CoV-2 virus.
When this virus came out, it was perfectly adapted to replicate in man.
perfectly adapted to replicate in man.
And we have data from at least one Australian scientist to confirm that, which is just a joke.
Of course, it was, you know, it's hyper enriched for the ACE2 receptor.
Yeah.
It didn't like bats anymore.
It liked man.
And, you know, you don't see this unless it's had extensive passage in a host that is its target.
Does the SEB-like motif that you just described, the super antigen, I read a paper, and I read a paper that you wrote as well, that said, the PNAS paper that I'm referring to originally, it said that that motif implies, if it's aerosolized, that it was made as a result of bioweapons research.
Do you agree with that?
Well, it was a bioweapons agent back in the old offensive US program.
One of the things to realize is the whole concept of they aerosolized it or it can be aerosolized, that actually started with the aerosolization of the avian flu in ferrets by this guy Fauchier in Rotterdam where I used to work.
And I would be willing to bet that that's probably bullshit, and I'll tell you why.
Because they didn't use that experiment to sequence the virus in each ferret to see how the virus was changing.
And then the whole point of it being aerosolized, of course, would be that there are chemical and physical attributes to the virus on the outside, which would cause it to be aerosolized or not.
That's a well understood branch of chemistry there.
The electrostatics and stuff like that, we don't need to think very hard about the idea that that has to be a physical process by which at some point something that can only be spread by droplets is now spreading aerosol.
That supposedly, if we were being genuine about the way the world works, that should be a
change that would have been identified as a chemical change in a sequence of a protein of the flu virus that supposedly went from being not aerosolized in the first ferret to being aerosolized in the 20th ferret.
But instead they just talk about the enrichment and that the ferrets were dying more.
But then what changed in the flu to cause it to fly around easier and to kill those ferrets?
But we got no answer.
They gave us no answer about how the flu changed in their ferret experiment.
And so this whole argument about whether it's aerosolized or not, whether or not we should use masks or not, because if it's aerosolized, we shouldn't, but if it's just droplets, we should.
This is all part of the bullshit, which accepts an existence of a novel respiratory virus.
SEB.
And it was designed as an incapacitating agent.
In other words, it would kill less than
1% of the population that it was.
An incapacitating agent is the exact combination of terms that our clown friend Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn were both using, but especially Kevin McCairn in March of 2020.
An incapacitating agent.
It's not by accident, it's because they're all on the same stupid script.
And after five or six years, it's actually starting to become obvious, even to people who don't watch my stream that often.
There were even plans we were going to spray it on Cuba during the Bay of Pigs.
as an incapacitating agent, because if you breathe it in, it gives you a pneumonia from hell, seriously.
If you eat it, it gives you a terrible gastrointestinal illness.
They were gonna do another agent as well, and then a third agent after that, and the island would have been sick.
I think he's talking about anthrax right there.
For a month.
And you think it would have killed about 1% of the population there.
Well, nobody did it.
We don't have an all fancy program anymore.
Seriously, in the continental United States, they shut everything down and they built some... No, seriously, he's telling the truth.
They shut everything down in America.
Seriously, he's telling the truth.
He's legit, just like Jessica Hockett.
You know, she doesn't know about a lot of people, but she's legit.
Wonderful research facilities because these new diseases keep cropping up.
So we have some labs now totally devoted to new pathogens that no one's ever seen before.
Is the super antigen still in the COVID virus as we know it today?
No.
I haven't had time to look at the vaccine sequences, but I'm suspecting in the early vaccines.
It was in there.
What kind of bullshit is that?
Please understand how malevolent this is.
They are trying to make you believe that the precision of the code is so precarious that with a change of around 12 bases resulting in the change of four amino acids, we could go from everyday baseball games to frickin' shutdown for five years and all the white-tailed deer infected.
Now this guy's trying to say, I haven't really had time to check if they put this Staphylococcus enterotoxin B sequence into the vaccines or not.
Even though it's like a bioweapon.
or something, this is just comically stupid.
And what's really bad about it is this mouth breather over here, reading the script that she was obviously given by him, is so unsophisticated that she doesn't hear the bullshit that she's harmonizing with.
Really?
Interesting.
Well, they took what the, this paper was discovered later on after, you know?
Yeah.
I guess I didn't realize that it was in the vaccine.
What a face, what a monster, what a monster piece of shit.
I think this might be one of the worst Americans alive right now.
I knew it was in the virus, but I didn't realize it was also that that SEB like.
So what I'm suggesting to you is if there was a national security state that was interested in just getting people to buy into transfection,
and they wanted wherever they didn't roll out placebo for there to be a testable antibody that would show up and and and ring true with their lateral flow tests or whatever other bullshit they would already know what sequence to put in because some of these sequences wouldn't be antigenic at all and then doing the whole transfection would be a giant failure
But it only took them 45 minutes from the time that they heard the sequence to have a working vaccine, according to the lady from Moderna, in her own TED Talk.
That means that something was already there that worked perfectly to create seroprevalence.
And that would be by design.
A motif was in the vaccine as well.
I've not seen yay or nay.
Interesting.
Remember, you couldn't get any vaccine to check.
What do you mean?
What?
This is just freaking ridiculous.
It's ridiculous, ridiculous, dumb, stupid, ridiculous.
Right.
They were finding all sorts of weird thing.
It was only recently.
You know, the extraneous DNA fragments and all that.
Oh, man.
Are you kidding me?
Would we need to sequence it?
What is he talking about?
We just went from Staphylotoxin and Teratoxin B is a signal that we find in the spike protein of this laboratory released virus, but I don't give a shit if it's any in any of the shots.
I haven't bothered.
I haven't had time to check.
Laboratory practice.
I'm concerned about that.
Are you concerned about DNA?
Not that concerned though.
He's so not concerned that he would rather podcast with you instead of figure it out.
DNA integration.
Yes.
We weren't, we weren't by the, by the mid of 2020, sorry, by the mid of 2021, they had modeled this and they found four prion sites that
Four prion sites.
Remember, Google tells us that Google Fold has figured out how proteins fold, but we haven't taken that AI and asked it to show us how prions are able to, like, one particle of prions causes all the proteins in your body to fold wrong.
They found four prion sequences in there.
This is just an admission that it's the same script that that jackass Kevin McCairn was on since March of 2020.
that could fold abnormally into an insoluble.
You know, another subject in biology that needs a gigantic book or many gigantic books are prions.
When they seem to be so simple, they're just prions are just proteins that cause other proteins to fold differently and the same way as them.
And it's like this cascade and it's just a disaster.
And yet these books, they don't explain it at all.
They don't have
a summary chapter, they're just really thick books about nothing.
I know because I've read them, amyloid, if you will.
And it always had that potential.
And again, I haven't seen if that's been engineered out of that sequence.
Interesting.
What is the implication of the DNA, the plasmid DNA in the vaccine?
The problem is your cells have a biochemical mechanism called line one.
line dash one.
And when you see a lot of viral DNA floating around, this is a trigger to your immune system.
It doesn't like that doesn't like the methylation on it.
And what it will try to do is grab part of it, turn it into if it's RNA, turn it into DNA, and it ends up going back into the
chromosome as a transposon.
So did he say that the viral RNA is methylated?
Because I think he just said that, and I don't know if that's true.
I've never heard that before.
That was really bizarre.
And now he's talking about some enzyme that's going to reverse transcribe the RNA to DNA and put it into your genome.
Transposons are jumping genes.
You know, like maize, like real corn, and it's all different colored kernels?
Sure.
that's what gives the different color kernels.
A lady named Barbara McKendrick got a Nobel Prize for finding that.
These are segments of DNA that can jump in and be explored.
Did he say someone by the name of Kendrick got a Nobel Prize for that?
That's an interesting name that I know from Brian Hooker 2020 podcast.
Pressed and then jump out.
But sometimes when they jump in or jump out and re-jump in,
they end up next to an important gene involved in cancer.
I see.
It does seem like there's a lot of concern about the virus causing cancer and potentially the vaccines.
The vaccine particularly so.
One of the ends of the viral genome has something like a,
SP40 enhancer on it.
And this is so pathetic.
I don't know if he's just tired or if he's really old, but this is really pathetic.
And it's pathetic because they never planned to be here.
They never planned for him to have to go to Romania and meet Nick Hudson and Denny Rancor and Brett Weinstein and Jessica Rose and Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone and Meryl Nass all on the other side of the earth.
They never planned on having Robert Malone do six consecutive international COVID summits.
It was all an improv-ed addition to the plan.
because this narrative is way, way out of their control now.
And they are about to be exposed as traitors to America in cooperation with people from India, setting up some kind of weird Trojan horse where the FDA could either be effectively neutralized, undermined, destroyed, and HHS secretary would be occupied by a puppet.
This makes certain genes express- His puppet.
Can you explain what that is?
His puppet, Robert Malone's puppet, Steve Bannon's puppet, Democratic Party puppets, weaponized piles of money puppets.
That's all these people are.
It's kind of like an afterburner for gene expression.
Like an airplane, all the flames come out.
The thing goes faster because you're just pumping fuel into it.
Kind of like that.
sort of a rocket.
Wow, really random out of the end of the day that in random insertions until you disrupt something that's like a pre onco gene that's very carefully regulated like a growth chain.
And suddenly you get overexpression of this, things like see Mike, this type of thing.
And we find these
abnormalities in a lot of tumors.
We're also finding spike protein in the tumors months after vaccination.
How can we know whether it's from the vaccine or from the virus?
The vaccine has one of the base pairs of the genetic code is a pseudouridine.
It's not really uridine.
It's pseudouridine.
Okay.
Because RNA molecules are very, very, very fragile.
and there's enough RNA enzymes on your hand.
If you're just like working with no gloves and not under a laminar flow thing, you wonder why you don't have any RNA virus left.
It all got degraded like on the tinfoil that you were using.
But if it's got a fear and cleavage site, then look out.
See how stupid this is?
It doesn't make any sense because it's a lie.
Because these ideas are incongruent with one another.
You're trying to tell a story that has no biological basis in reality, that RNA with the right set of bases can cause the production of proteins around the world.
and go endemic.
This man is a monster, he's a liar, and he's working for the same deep state that Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci and Richard Ebright and Robert Malone and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland, they all work for the same national security operation in America.
and it just got chewed up.
So to make it resistant to these environmental RNAs, and your body has a lot of them floating around.
This guy is actually an advisor to the Thorpe-led My Cycle Story website.
The My Cycle Story website is put together by two probably meddler ladies, and they chose to work with
Thorpe and with Hatfill on that project, which is just, of course, ridiculous.
I'm just looking for stuff like that to chew up.
So to make that resistant and prolong its stay inside the cell, making a spike protein, they put an altered base pair in it.
And now you find out you can't tear the thing apart.
It lasts for at least a couple of years in some people.
Wow.
But why does he say base pair?
There are no base pairs in a single stranded RNA molecule.
Excuse my language, but what the fuck is this guy talking about?
Do you see how awful this is?
He is not even, he's not even keeping his shit straight.
That's how bad they are right now.
How bad we have pushed them.
They can't even keep their shit straight.
So do we know, have,
These tests been done to sort out whether it's the spike from the vaccine versus the spike from the virus.
My understanding it is a spike from the vaccine.
How would the methylation of the mRNA have anything to do with the spike from the vaccine or the spike from the virus?
That's just stupid.
Why would she even ask that question?
She asked that question because she was fricking scripted to ask it.
Stop lying.
Wow.
I don't want to talk too much about pre-published material, but studies are now have definitive evidence that this is jumping in to select chromosomes.
What is the propensity for the virus to do any of this, aside from the vaccines?
We're not having a dramatic cancer association with just the virus.
That's my understanding, but we are,
with the vaccinated people.
And you're finding this vaccinated induced spike protein in the cancer cells.
And this has already been published.
We can find this information out there.
Because people are going to write to me and say, where can I see this?
There's a few papers out there.
Some are done in tissue culture.
That's an old paper.
They'll be able to find that.
OK.
I think it was done in liver cells.
Like really early on, 2021, I could probably haul up a reference, you know, if I go back and look.
Okay.
We can do that later.
Yeah.
So, and now we've got actual autopsy material that's, you know, being analyzed and stained and you can see this stuff in the tissues.
If COVID is considered a bioweapon, who would possess the antidote if one exists and does one exist?
There is nothing for this.
Nothing.
There's nothing for this!
Wow.
I mean, I'm not going to waste too much time on that.
I still got some show to do here.
So I just want to be sure that you understand how easily this could have been done.
Just imagine a team of performers on a script with a known rise in all cause mortality on the way.
And then they orchestrated all the performers necessary, all the laws and all the administrative things got ready before the pandemic.
They put people in place.
They even killed Brandy Vaughn just to make sure.
that this would stay on the rails and that people would accept the novel virus that was killing millions of people, not the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality around the Western world.
But a virus was killing all these old people in homes and in the hospital and occasionally a young person.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, they lied to us about an anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
And that's the reason why this report found in the link stuff at my website came out in 2025 and not in 2020, you know, or 2018 when this disaster could have been graphically visible.
So they did it using a long list of crafty ways, but the number one way was anybody that came into a hospital could have been offered supplementary oxygen if their pulse ox was below 96.
And that is precisely the protocol of the FLCCC in 2020.
It's also the protocol of Richard Fleming in 2020.
If you have a low pulse ox, you should go to the hospital.
And if you went to the hospital with a low pulse ox and they gave you pure supplementary oxygen in your nose or with a mask, a certain percentage of those people would develop ARDS, possibly pneumonia.
And if it was labeled as COVID and not treated with antibiotics because it is a viral syndrome, then that's murder.
That's what happened to Grace Shara.
That's what happened to Leslie Batts' husband.
That's what happened to a lot of people that are not being held, are not being brought to justice because of these meddlers that will not look back at 2020 and identify the obvious signal of murder that it is.
And that is by design.
That's why all these doctors like, like even,
Andrew Kaufman can't figure it out.
Tom Cowan can't figure it out.
The Bailey's, they're two doctors that have kids together and they can't figure it out.
And that is by design, ladies and gentlemen.
You gotta get off social media.
That's the reason why these people have this power and why they were able to pull this off.
If we weren't on social media- We will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
Brian Hooker would not be able to lie to us.
If we were not on social media, Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass would not be able to lie to us about autism spectrum disorder.
Suzanne Humphreys would not be able to lie to us about autism spectrum disorder.
And not only that, but Pauly Tommy would not be able to lie to us about autism spectrum disorder.
And the real fear and cleavage site would be visible.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important.
That's how we got here.
That's why these people are involved.
That's why this clown is involved.
It's all one malevolent show.
It's out of their control now.
It is now breaking.
That's why they have to go this far.
And they have gone this far to actually now try to put three people around Mary Bowden.
They're putting Natalie, or sorry, Naomi Wolf, Sasha Latapova, and Shannon Joy around Mary Talley Bowden to try and make her part of their narrative against Robert Malone.
It's happening right now.
It's actually the deepest level this bullshit has ever reached.
I am shocked at this team of performers and their absolutely limitless ability to lie.
It is scripted bullshit that you cannot possibly understand unless you work hard to understand the history of these people.
You gotta go all the way back to 2013 to find Brian Hooker still telling the truth.
You gotta go all the way back to 2015 to find when Mary Holland and Paul Offit started the show together.
You gotta go all the way back to 2016 to find out when ICANN started on April Fool's Day and when the Vax movie was put out.
You gotta go all the way back to 2018 if you wanna know when finally they convinced RFK to focus on vaccines by changing the World Mercury Project to the Children's Health Defense with Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker.
You gotta go back to 2019 to find times when these people were all putting this narrative out.
Mikovits.
James Lyons-Weiler, Mary Holland, Brian Hooker, all making the big top tent of health freedom, all unable to tell you that intramuscular injection is not medicine, but instead that it's some component of the injections that's the problem.
You gotta go back to 2020 before you're gonna find any reference to Brandy Vaughn, and then not after her death, just before.
And you're gonna have to go back to 2020 if you wanna hear a video where Brian Hooker is telling you that COVID is real, that it spreads asymptomatically, that we should wear masks, that the antibodies are a sign of immunity, and that they're not testing the vaccine enough.
And of course, there's five more years of performance of all these people that will reveal them as part of this show.
Reveal them as part of the elaborate military, paramilitary exercise to make sure that PCR is never questioned, that sequencing is never questioned, that endemicity is a process and an end state is never questioned, that gain of function is never questioned.
This is what we've come to believe, that we're just humans.
that we descend from the same mud puddle, that pandemics are real and we can even make them, and that intramuscular injection is the best medicine ever.
And these are all absolutely positively lies.
It's been a long, strange trip learning this stuff.
I've learned it the hard way, but I do know that Bad Biology 101 is what we need to dispel, what we need to work against.
Thank you very much for being here.
I will see you again in the second half in about, let's say, I don't know, one song.
I don't even know what I'm going to play.
What was I going to play?
Oh my gosh, I'm under pressure now.
I didn't know.
I didn't have anything here selected.
Darn it.
No, I didn't have anything selected.
What do I use?
I don't know what to do.
This is really hard when you have to do this.
Oh my gosh, what do I do?
I could wuss out.
That's kind of wussing out.
How about that?
That's a good one.
Maybe we'll just do this one.
See you in a minute.
All the faces that he sees, damn, I can't hate them for me, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no, my friend, he can't help when he's happy.
He looks insane.
Far between all illegal, all the same
Oh, he don't know.
So he takes his life away, yeah.
Someday, yeah, he'll begin his life again.
Oh, whisper in his ear.
You purify a virus by, um... Um... That was the crappiest cut ever.
Sorry about that.
Darn it.
You purify a virus by making a lot of... I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue... Well, they interchanged the two, and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
All righty then, let me get over here.
Bing-bo-bang-boom.
Welcome to the second half of the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief, brought to you by a biologist and brought to you by all those people on the left side of the screen over there.
And yes, if you want to share the stream, please share that stream.gigaom.bio there.
And
I'm drinking a lot of water, so that's why I sound like I'm burping.
The gigaohmhq at proton.me is my wife's address for updates and for getting notified of the stream today.
I think she sent it out about 10 minutes early, but she still sent something.
So thanks very much for being here.
I just want to warn you.
So what we have here and what I want to demonstrate, show you here is actually just very recently, like in the last 24 hours,
It has orchestrated on X, of course, that Robert Malone is now having a conflict with Naomi Wolf, Mary Talley Bowden, Shannon Joy, and Sasha Latapova, who have decided to get together and write a letter to Robert Malone pleading with him to tell Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to ban the mRNA platform.
And Robert Malone has lashed out on X to say that there is a group of liberal women who's trying to fracture the Maha movement.
And now, I know that my studio audience is going to find that really funny, but actually that is how this works.
Up until now, these false rivalries and fake
you know, arguments have been part of a script that we were not aware of.
But once you understand that Robert Malone doesn't sue anybody that he doesn't want you to watch, Robert Malone doesn't post any links that he doesn't want you to click on, then you realize that for a very long time we've been being played.
And now the only question is, can you remember that Sasha Latupova was on stage in January of 2023 with Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mike Palmer and Asim Malhotra?
And can you see that there is no way that that international trip to Stockholm, Sweden occurred because at one point in time, Meryl Ness and Sasha Latupova and Robert Malone were all good travel hotel buddies, and now they're not.
This is absolutely the end of this show.
In the Third Reich.
you know, prior to the Holocaust.
I mean, this is systematic killing.
And these mRNA shots, Brad, not only have they approved now another mRNA COVID booster, but they have hundreds of mRNA shots in the hopper.
And they had even fast tracked
S-A-M-R-N-A, which is self-amplifying.
Self-amplifying RNA.
You know, the question that someone by the name of Karmadoc asked to Robert Malone and Lee Min Yan and Ryan Cole on stage in a church in 2021.
Yeah, that stuff.
mRNA.
So this is why when I say to Dr. Robert Malone,
He put out another tweet today, by the way, saying that there is a subversive group of liberal women who are looking to break apart and destroy Maha.
But I know who he's talking about, right?
And, you know, you can call me a lot of things, Dr. Malone, but you can't call me a liberal.
That's one thing that I'm definitely not.
And as I recall, I think Naomi Wolf is an ex-liberal.
I have no idea what Mary Shelley Bowden is.
And I have no idea what Sasha is either, but I mean- Ta-da!
So those four people are now supposedly the opposition and the outspoken women that Robert Malone, this is a joke, but what you need to understand is that it's possible that Shannon Joy is just an idiot and just wants to be famous.
It is possible that Mary Talley Bowden is fooled because she has been the focus of so many of these people's attention and work.
just like I was years ago.
And so I know how hard it is to see through it.
If they're on signal together, if they're texting, if they're having dinners, this is a problem.
And now this is fake.
Stakes are too high.
Grace Shara, all of these broken bodies, how many other babies and children are going to be injured and harmed?
Grace Shara was harmed by the, by what?
Do you see how awful this is?
They were just talking about the mRNA a minute ago.
How many people are going to develop turbo cancers and autoimmune disorders and neurological disorders and all of these things?
It's not just that they're not achieving the goals that we sent them to Washington, D.C.
to achieve.
They are actually going backwards, right?
Because all of these other initiatives... If she's pissed, how does Brian Hooker feel?
If she's pissed, then how does Polly feel?
They don't care at all.
And now you know it's fake.
So there's an urgency, isn't there?
Yeah, I mean, that's the whole thing.
There is an urgency in particular for these people who are who are hanging on by a thread after four years, as I mentioned.
What about all the autistic parents that have been hanging on a thread for like 20 years?
What about all the people that bought into this health freedom movement that have been hanging on for years?
Suffering with chronic fatigue for years.
What about them?
Because chronic fatigue existed before the pandemic.
This is the worst kind of theater.
Because I don't think this Brad Skitsmas is smart enough to know.
He was part of the Rescue the Republic bullshit.
I didn't want to show you this other than to show it to you so that you know that I know that it's going on.
This is the joke of jokes right now.
And all you need to do is get off social media and stop paying attention to these people and they will vanish because they are only shown to people who need to see them.
They're only on Rumble.
They're never gonna be anywhere else because it's scripted bullshit that is provided to you by social media programming.
It is not provided to everyone.
This truths are not getting out.
They are being compartmentalized on social media.
Absolutely and positively compartmentalized on social media.
What did I do again?
Did I screw something up?
Yes, I did.
What happened here?
That should just play.
I don't know why that didn't just play.
Okay, I'm going to take a very big risk here and watch a video that I haven't even watched since I recorded it because I have faith that something is going to be revealed in it.
Is it playing or what's going on here?
Sorry, I thought, oh, cannot play media.
Oops, that's bad.
Hmm.
Why is that not playing?
Cannot play media.
Okay, well I'll have to do that outside of the thing then, because I know I can do it out here.
Maybe it's just too big.
Here we go.
You should hear the sound soon.
I'm going to fix this.
Is there sound?
I hope there's sound to this thing.
I'm still getting it on the screen.
I apologize.
Right here.
There we go.
Rodney is not a supporter anymore.
Greg's not a supporter anymore.
Piper is not a supporter anymore.
Just so you know, this was a little while ago.
I don't know if there's no sound or what's going on here.
I gotta, I'm hoping there's sound.
Oh yeah, of course there is.
So this is a show that I did with Paul Alexander and Mike Eden, and I was really excited to get this show.
But I have a feeling I'm going to see a struggling Mike Eden in this video, and it's going to be obvious that he's a liar.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
Oh my gosh, the production on these shows is just...
It's good reason to believe that people will start to intervene now to try and stop this information.
Don't forget that I used to have this nodule on my throat that I could not sleep, and I was having a hard time breathing.
I couldn't play basketball when I actually started playing them with my sons, because this nodule on my vocal cords, and I coughed it out.
I still have it in a bottle up there.
Oh, I hear one.
I'm very excited.
yeah looks like uh alexander's got his dr alexander has his i.t person with him so it's fine excellent piece of card it's a terrible thing that technology crap here we go this is pretty funny that technology crap is terrible paul don't let it frustrate you so grateful that first of all i would interview with you and that i would but capital must be out to each other's pockets
And they have to come up with the most creative ways of doing that.
And somewhere in there, a lot of these people, I call them today grifters, they have lost sight of what this was about.
It's not about you.
This is about informing people, sharing information.
You know what I mean?
etc so i found i found myself in in interviews where this guy was this guy was at my house interviewing me after five minutes this guy was at my house this year in february
Don't think I'm screwing around here.
Every one of these bastards has been to my house to try and influence me, to lie to me, to pretend that they're going to help me, including this guy who had me on his substack a lot, the worst substack on substack, associating himself with me essentially in such a ridiculous way that nobody would take me seriously.
Not that dissimilar from what Kevin McCairn did for 2020, 21, and 22.
It's really easy to see it once you see it now out here.
I realized, but wait, this is more about them than me.
I couldn't even get to speak.
You know what I mean?
It's like they're advertising themselves.
So you two have to be very careful because as you emerge properly, and I think rightfully.
Look at this ego.
You're going to find out that depending on your brand.
It's ego attacking, depending on your.
You see how excited I am to talk to Mike Eden?
I didn't think he was gonna show up.
I thought that this was gonna be the time when we were gonna break it right now.
If I could explain what I knew to Mike Eden, it was gonna be over.
Hello, Michael.
I couldn't be happier right now.
I've been waiting for this for it seems like three years.
I did not start that recording.
Understand that.
I didn't even notice this, but I didn't start that recording.
Mike Eden did.
I clicked it away.
Holy shit.
I'm not the scientist you are.
I mean, you read lots of papers.
I'm not an academic and I'm usually miles off the pace.
I'm not the scientist you are is exactly the same shit that every one of these other people has said to me.
From Steve Kirsch to Robert Malone to, well, Robert Malone never said that to me.
I was thinking Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Even Meryl Nass said that to me, that, oh, I guess not everybody's as smart as you, Jay.
Holy shit.
I mean, it's already a goldmine.
I might come up occasionally with a gem of a deduction, but that's probably the best I can do these days.
You were the one that held the lantern up and made me brave enough to read these papers, my friend.
Well, there you go.
Okay, yeah.
I'm almost crying.
These people should be so ashamed of themselves and how they misled the earth, or the people that were dumb enough to try and chase them on social media.
They should be so ashamed.
I always say to people, it wasn't really courage.
And that's because in a heartbeat, almost, when I realized, basically when lockdown happened,
I knew at that point I could outline why I knew it.
I knew this meant totalitarian tyranny and depopulation.
But I'm good at that, making deductions from very little data.
I was certain that's what it meant.
And it's because 60 countries at once did something that made no sense, that did not match their own pandemic preparedness plans, and was counter to common sense, and was destructive.
And that meant
since it wouldn't help anyone but would damage business.
That meant the people who own money and capital must have approved the operation.
And since that means they're not doing it for monetary reasons, since they sit astride the money creation process, must be another reason.
And very quickly, we knew they were talking about vaccine passports with that ghastly Tony Blair and other people.
And I just put it all together, digital ID, everywhere will be a restricted threshold.
And I knew vaccines made no sense.
You can't vaccinate against, you can't vaccinate using an injected vaccine against an inhaled pathogen.
If you don't- Hey, there it is.
So that's- They can't work, but you know.
That's the actual narrative that we just saw.
Brett Weinstein do a podcast about this week and we saw Kevin McKernan tweet out loud about how you can never make mucosal immunity with an injection.
And so that is a very limited spectrum of debate about intramuscular injection that doesn't really cover transfection at all, transformation at all, or the absurdity of intramuscular injection in general, but instead,
suggests that the nuances of the immune system mean that you're not making immunity in the right place.
So it doesn't really not work.
It just doesn't work as they say it works.
And this is where the malevolence of his little narrative starts, because his whole shtick is that natural immunity should count for something.
That natural immunity can also be detected and measured.
And that natural immunity means there's a frickin' novel virus.
You traitor, Mike Yeadon.
Generates ST cell memory.
and at worst, circulating antibodies that don't penetrate the airway.
I also knew that the Cochrane review is a flu vaccine.
Who also said that the antibodies don't penetrate the airway?
Dipshit Commander Joe Lee said that as well.
Can you see it yet?
Seems that they actually don't work.
Probably, this is a thought, speculatively, but because the older, frailer people have less responsive immune systems.
We've got an overlap problem here where the people who are most likely to die are the ones who are least capable of benefiting from the vaccine.
I think that's true.
And the people who could respond well to a vaccine if it was properly designed don't need it because they're able to throw it off.
So a properly designed vaccine wouldn't work very well in old people.
Well, that's some pretty stupid questioning, isn't it?
That's some pretty stupid debating, isn't it?
Those are pretty irrelevant questions, aren't they?
Can you see how awful it is now?
No wonder he needs notes.
And so, you know, and then also I've worked on mRNA and siRNA technologies just on the side.
I had a postdoc doing some work on the side.
Wait, what?
He had a postdoc working on self-amplifying RNA?
Just dropping that at random here?
no conflicts of interest, no, that just means that he understands even more than he's claiming to understand, including about the manufacture of RNA and the use of that in transfection and the fricking fraudulence of virology in general.
He's very much sophisticated enough to know.
Just like Brian Hooker with his 16 years of experience transforming and transfecting plants is sophisticated enough to know that I was right in saying that transfection in healthy people in 2021 would be a fricking crime.
And that was 12 years early before I'd left Pfizer.
And we agreed it was hopelessly distant from prime time.
We could not get the materials to penetrate cells in vivo.
And so he's just basically saying that we didn't have electroporation, that we tried everything that Robert Malone did, and it didn't really work, just like it didn't work for Robert Malone.
Holy shit.
And we injected them, and then they went to the liver.
Um, and if we inhaled them, they would, if we injected them, they went to the liver.
No shit.
Who's been reporting that since the beginning of the pandemic?
That would be me.
Because of course, one of the reasons why they say that is because that's where they go.
Because as Brandy Vaughn can tell you, the liver is a detoxification organ.
Wow.
Break down or simply not penetrate epithelial cells.
We were using.
just to see if we could get a marker in and we couldn't do it.
So when I heard a decade later that my former employer and others were rushing a vaccine using this technology to people, I knew it couldn't have been fixed.
And I did several literature searches to look for the what was the magic bullet that arrived in the 10 years that I've missed, and there wasn't one.
So I thought this is going to be dangerous.
So yeah,
Yeah, so I came in very early, but I say I worked it out.
I didn't really work it out on March 23rd.
I will say when I allowed myself to put the bits together in the summer, I could then retro date it to the lockdown.
I realized I didn't need any new information beyond lockdown in the context of it being unprecedented and going on in multiple countries at the same time, which
As I say, you don't need to be a conspiracy theorist to say, well, that's evidence of a supranational action.
It's the only way it could possibly happen.
If you're not ready for this, I don't know what to tell you, but I'm going to upload this video to my website in the Batcave and you can watch it there.
but I want you to imagine what I say to Mike Eden and how he reacts to it.
Because remember, I'm the scientist, I'm the one who's reading papers, not him.
I'm not gonna waste any more of your time this afternoon, it's been a long show, but I will upload this video and I assure you, I haven't even watched it and I know for sure that I'm gonna tell him things and he's just gonna kinda shrug his shoulders and be like, I guess it could be, I don't know.
I guess it could be.
I don't know.
He just told you that he had a postdoc working on self-amplified RNA.
This is a collaborator of Sasha Latupova who wrote a detrimental shitty substack note about me a month ago.
Calling me JJ.
This is a malevolent part player in the same network as Nick Hudson and Jessica Hockett and Robert Malone and Ryan Cole and Pierre Corey, Meryl Nass, Mary Holland, Shannon Joy, Sasha Latipova, Naomi Wolf, and Claire Craig, and Kevin McKernan, and Charles Rixey, and Kevin McCairn.
and Stephanie Seneff, and Steve Kirsch, and John Bodwin, and all of these people.
It's one malevolent show.
And if you don't wake up to how malevolent this show is, your children will be enslaved by it.
I don't know how to say it more succinctly than that.
I'm really happy that everybody's here.
I'm really, really happy it's Friday because as I hinted in the title, I'm getting tired of this.
I can be very honest.
I'm tired of having to explain how malevolent these myths are and how none of them are making any progress in understanding the basis of this myth.
And that is by design because you cannot find their ghosts using their tests.
It doesn't make you a Ghostbuster.
It's a background signal, an irreducibly complex background signal that they've simplified using nonspecific PCR tests and placebos to lie to you about the biological potential of RNA, to lie to you about the medicinal potential of intramuscular injections, to lie to you about the medicinal potential of transfection, and lie to you about the
insignificance of population pyramids as a problem needing solving.
I love you very much.
I will see you again on Monday.